DRIVERS-1571 Retry on different mongos when possible (#1450)
mongodb/specifications: source/retryable-reads/retryable-reads.rst

3a. Selecting the server for retry
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

> Server on which the operation failed MUST be provided to the server selection
> mechanism as a de-prioritized server. If the driver cannot select a server for
> a retry attempt or the newly selected server does not support retryable reads,
> retrying is not possible and drivers MUST raise the previous retryable error.
> In both cases, the caller is able to infer that an attempt was made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server on which the operation failed MUST be provided to the server selection
mechanism as a deprioritized server. If the driver cannot select a server for
a retry attempt or the newly selected server does not support retryable reads,
retrying is not possible and drivers MUST raise the previous retryable error.
In both cases, the caller is able to infer that an attempt was made.
```

      } catch (NetworkException networkError) {
        updateTopologyDescriptionForNetworkError(server, networkError);
        previousError = networkError;

>         previousServer = server;

Reviewer: I don't think this is necessary, if a server fails with a network error (a transient error), then it's type should be set to Unknown ([docs](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/retryable-reads/retryable-reads.rst#why-are-read-operations-only-retried-once-by-default)). IIUC In this case, it is not possible for the server to be selected in the next retry ([docs](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/server-selection/server-selection.rst#topology-type-unknown)).
